### Publications
<br/>

#### Adaptive Combination of Additive and Multiplicative Algorithms for Color Image Enhancement
<br/>

Published in *Journal of the Institute of Industrial Applications Engineers, 2021*
<br/><br/>

**Abstract:** Recently, Nikolova and Steidl have proposed a hue and range preserving histogram specification method which outputs a weighted average of two images generated by additive (shifting) and multiplicative (scaling) algorithms, where the weights are fixed for all pixels in an image. In this paper, we propose a method for selecting the one of the two algorithms at each pixel adaptively. Therefore, there is no need to prepare the weights for combining additive and multiplicative algorithms in the proposed method. Experimental results show that the proposed method can improve the saturation better than the convex combination method by Nikolova and Steidl. We also verify the property of saturation improvement in the proposed method theoretically.
<br/><br/>

**Keywords:** Hue-preserving color image enhancement, Gamut problem, Exact histogram equalization, Saturation improvement
<br/><br/>

<a href="../publications/Adaptive Combination of Additive and Multiplicative Algorithms for Color Image Enhancement.pdf" target="_blank">download</a>
<br/><br/>

#### A Moving Object Detection Method Based on Discrete Fourier Transform
<br/>

Published in *ICIC Express Letters, 2022*
<br/><br/>

**Abstract:** Moving object detection in video sequences is a challenging task and contributes to missions like pedestrian detection. In this paper, we propose a discrete Fourier transform (DFT) based moving object detection method and utilize it to extract pedestrians from a publicly available dataset. Considering the real-time requirement in practical application, we compare DFT with fast Fourier transform (FFT), experimentally. Data analysis shows that the FFT based method is a low time consumption moving object detection method with good performance
<br/><br/>

**Keywords:** Moving object detection, Frame sequence, Time complexity, DFT, FFT
<br/><br/>

<a href="../publications/A Moving Object Detection Method Based on Discrete Fourier Transform.pdf" target="_blank">download</a>
<br/><br/>

#### Order Space-Based Morphology for Color Image Processing
<br/>

Published in *Journal of Imaging, 2023*
<br/><br/>

**Abstract:** Mathematical morphology is a fundamental tool based on order statistics for image processing, such as noise reduction, image enhancement and feature extraction, and is well-established for binary and grayscale images, whose pixels can be sorted by their pixel values, i.e., each pixel has a single number. On the other hand, each pixel in a color image has three numbers corresponding to three color channels, e.g., red (R), green (G) and blue (B) channels in an RGB color image. Therefore, it is difficult to sort color pixels uniquely. In this paper, we propose a method for unifying the orders of pixels sorted in each color channel separately, where we consider that a pixel exists in a three-dimensional space called order space, and derive a single order by a monotonically nondecreasing function defined on the order space. We also fuzzify the proposed order space-based morphological operations, and demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method by comparing with a state-of-the-art method based on hypergraph theory. The proposed method treats three orders of pixels sorted in respective color channels equally. Therefore, the proposed method is consistent with the conventional morphological operations for binary and grayscale images. 
<br/><br/>

**Keywords:** mathematical morphology; color image processing; order space; noise removal; exponentially weighted averaging; log-sum-exp; softmax; fuzzy
<br/><br/>

<a href="../publications/Order Space-Based Morphology for Color Image Processing.pdf" target="_blank">download</a>
<br/><br/>
